docs: (#2104)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: docs/tutorials/first_steps/03_add_data.rst

    Total 15 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
    To https://renkulab.io/gitlab/john.doe/flights-tutorial.git
        b55aea9..91b226b  master --> master

Adding data from the local file system
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Often the data you wish to use on RENKU is not available on a remote repository.

Reviewer: In the documentation, it is primarily written as `Renku` and not `RENKU`. We can discuss switching to `RENKU`, but I would make that in a separate PR.

Author: Sure, no worries.

> In this case you will have to use the data upload user interfaces in JupyterLab
> or RStudio. For this example, suppose that we have downloaded the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case you can either create a dataset using the RenkuLab UI or use the data upload user interface in JupyterLab
or RStudio. Within a running session, the latter is the easier option. For this example, suppose that we have downloaded the 
```
